1. Describe any problems encountered in your implementation for this project milestone.
Most of the problems I encountered dealt with misconceptions about pointers, memory access, and the project guidelines. I decided to write my code initially without any pointers, just so I can figure out the right logic. One of my major logical errors dealt with the cyclic shifts, as I was forgetting to add a null terminal character '\0' to the end of each of my shifted line. This resulted in random symbols being sorted along with the original string. When I figured that out, I decided to make the quick fix to change the array containing the strings of shifted lines to an array of pointers pointing to the shifted lines. Due to my limited knowledge of pointers, my original code kept making an array of pointers that all pointed to the same string, specifically the last shifted string. This was because in my for loop, I was performing the cyclic shift to the same string, and consequently, I was assigning each index of my pointer array to that specific string. That was when I learned (or I guess rememebered) that I could allocate a new string and copy that string into my new string, and then push it into my pointer array.

2. Describe any known bugs and/or incomplete implementation in the project milestone.
There isn't any bugs to my knowledge when it comes to the implementation of the project milestone. Obviously it is incomplete in terms of the whole scope of the project, but I believe my implementation can handle all appropriate test cases to my knowledge.

3. While this project is to be completed individually, describe any significant interactions with anyone
(peers or otherwise) that may have occurred.
One of my problems dealing with memory allocation was swiftly solved by Nicole Ang-Wanek during her office hours. She taught me the importance of adding a '/0' character to the end of my strings, so when utilizing them, I don't bring along random, unwanted characters in memory with me. 

4. Cite any external books, and/or websites used or referenced.
Due to my lack of knowledge in C/C++, I referred to documentation on vectors. I used https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/vector.
